https://www.reddit.com/r/networking/.rss DC
https://www.reddit.com/r/homelab/.rss DC
https://www.reddit.com/r/cableporn/.rss DC
https://www.reddit.com/r/serverporn/.rss DC

https://www.reddit.com/r/opendirectories/.rss DataHoarding
https://www.reddit.com/r/datahoarder/.rss DataHoarding
https://www.reddit.com/r/DHExchange/.rss DataHoarding

https://www.reddit.com/r/rtlsdr/.rss Radio
http://www.windytan.com/feeds/posts/default Radio

http://feeds2.feedburner.com/hackaday/LgoM Tech
http://www.bunniestudios.com/blog/?feed=rss2 Tech
http://rss.slashdot.org/Slashdot/slashdot Tech
http://xobs.io/rss/ Tech
https://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/.rss Tech
https://www.reddit.com/r/onions/.rss Tech

http://lowendtalk.com/discussions/feed.rss Cloud

https://feeds.feedburner.com/BsdNowOgg BSD
https://bsdly.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss BSD

http://feeds.feedburner.com/RyanLanesBlog DevOps
https://www.reddit.com/r/ansible/.rss DevOps
https://www.reddit.com/r/devops/.rss DevOps
https://www.reddit.com/r/docker/.rss DevOps

http://jvns.ca/atom.xml Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror?format=xml Development
http://prog21.dadgum.com/atom.xml Development
http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/rss.aspx Development
https://www.reddit.com/r/python/.rss Development
https://www.reddit.com/r/flask/.rss Development
https://www.reddit.com/r/node/.rss Development

http://www.devttys0.com/feed/ Security
http://buffered.io/atom.xml Security
https://www.reddit.com/r/netsec/.rss Security
https://www.reddit.com/r/reverseengineering/.rss Security
http://www.exploit-db.com/rss.xml Security
http://goto.fail/atom.xml Security
https://blog.hboeck.de/feeds/index.rss2 Security

https://github.com/grnet/synnefo/commits/develop.atom GitHub feeds
https://github.com/ansible/ansible/commits/devel.atom Github feeds

https://www.reddit.com/r/gardening/.rss Gardening
https://www.reddit.com/r/foraging/.rss Gardening
https://www.reddit.com/r/mycology/.rss Gardening

http://procrastinationranch.blogspot.gr/feeds/posts/default Homestead
https://www.reddit.com/r/homestead/.rss Homestead

https://www.reddit.com/r/cyberpunk/.rss Random
https://www.reddit.com/r/battlestations/.rss Random
https://www.reddit.com/r/edc/.rss Random

https://www.reddit.com/r/climbing/.rss Climbing
